So then we need to kind of build a UI for
this thing and hook it up.
So finally, a client component.
So we're gonna use a modal, we're gonna
make a modal pop up where you can type
in the new project name, hit create,
it creates the project, it goes away.
It's not gonna show up on the screen for
the reasons we just talked about
until you do a refresh though.
So remember that.
So let's do that.
We're gonna go and
make a client component.
And we can just call this I mean call it
whatever you want I'm just gonna call it
new projects inside the components folder.
And I think if we're going to need to
have to install something here I have so
many things running go we
got to install react modal.
So MPM install React Modal.
And for our imports,
we're just gonna bring these in I
think once the types I'm telling you
it used to do this I don't know why
it's not I feel like it's early days of
TypeScript again where they're making
me doubt these types all over again.
So we got our create new
project that we just made,
usse state this React modal or
button input.
First thing first is for React modal.
We have to set a portal, basically,
if you don't know what a React portal is,
it's basically by default, everything in
React renders underneath the same tree.
A portal is like, I wanna render,
you can render anywhere.
It doesn't have to be
part of your React app.
You can render in any div anywhere.
So that's basically what a portal is.
And it's great for modals because modals
are usually, you know, created and
rendered somewhere down the tree,
but they need to be on the root.
So, we can create a portal for a model
that we created nested in our app, but
have it render all the way out
here where the body tag is,
which is exactly what we want.
So, we'll do that.
But in order to do that, we need to go
to our layout file and our dashboard.
So, dashboard layout, and
we need to add a div in here somewhere so
I'm going to add a div underneath
the glass pane with an ID
of modal like that and
just leave it empty.
We need that target there for,
this is where a modal is gonna render.
Okay, so we're going to do that.
Oops, I thought I had that copied.
There we go.
So modal that set element, id of modal.
And then we could just make our
new project component here,
which is your classic React component so
let's make sure I get those names right.
This is gonna do all types of form stuff
all the stuff that you're used to.
Alright so we got the new projects here.
We need to get some state that's going
to keep track of the modal opening and
closing and
make some helper functions for it.
And then we need to make some state for
the form that's going to keep track
of the name that we need to submit.
So let's do that.
So we'll say const isModalOpen and
then setIsOpen.
Because you states, default to false.
Make some helper functions here.
Close modal.
Equals set Is open to false.
openModal is the opposite.
There we go.
And then name, set,
name, state.
String.
All right, got those.
I'm gonna move that up there.
And then from there, we need to make a
function to handle the submit of our form.
So we'll do that.
And it's just gonna call our new
project and close the modal.
So nothing crazy.
So handle.
Submit.
And prevent that default.
Otherwise, our screen will reload.
Wait.
Create new project with our name.
And then close the model.
And then lastly, we can put our JSX in
here, which really isn't a lot going on.
So I'm mostly just gonna copy this and
we can talk about it like always so
much style stuff.
Okay So
one thing is I need to rename this,
at least mine is isModalOpen some rename
mine because that's what I called it
up here there's my be different
if you copied it from the code.
Let's follow what's going on here.
So first we have a button that you can
click on it opens the model when you
click New Project.
Once the model is open, it's going to
show a form that has an input for a name.
You can submit with this create button.
Once you submit, it's going to call our
it's going to use that function we call it
Create New Project.
And then close the modal and the Create
New Project goes to API project.
And then API project checks to see if
it's the user, creates a project for
that user with a name,
and it just responds okay.
So all we got to do now is put this new
project into the home page.
So home we got a page if you scroll down,
there's a block right that
says new project here.
We've got put the new project card here.
That we can use it.
So let's try that.
New project.
This thing says, I forgot to put
client one at the top, didn;'t I?
Rookie mistake.
Use client.
There we go.
All right, there's our new project.
We can click it,
it brings up a new project model.
You can give it a name.
This is my project.
You can click create.
It'll close.
It will not show for
the reasons we talked about.
But if I refresh this is my new project.
And then this just keeps
getting pushed down.
It's always the last thing